First version (#1)
wazo-communication/euc-plugins-full-example: README.md

Reviewer: @sboily Maybe use the following:

- To use the plugin on WDA, go to Portal -> Settings -> Applications -> Apps Configuration, create Wazo Desktop , then edit Advanced to specify key[manifest_urls] and value[http://MY_URL/content/manifest.json] where MY_URL points to your docker deployed of the plugin.

Author: README is not yet finished. I need also to write doc and architecture schema.

# Wazo Example Plugin

to build

    docker build -t euc-example .

To run

>     docker run -d -e WAZO_HOST=<wazo host> -e WAZO_USERNAME=<wazo username> -e WAZO_PASSWORD=<wazo password> -p 8088:8888 -t euc-example

Reviewer 2: Suggestions for run command: 

1. Should we rename variables for `STACK_XYZ`? Prevent confusion between Wazo Portal and Stack credentials.  At first, I thought it needed my Portal credentials.
2. Does HOST need to include `https://` or not? I suggest theses placeholders

```suggestion
    docker run -d -e STACK_HOST=<stack.example> -e STACK_USERNAME=<username> -e STACK_PASSWORD=<password> -p 8088:8888 -t euc-example
```

To use it on WDA

> Modify the key manifest_urls and add it the good value
> 
>     http://<URL>/content/manifest.json

Reviewer 2: I suggest to make the readme work like a tutorial (build, run, use)

```suggestion
Modify the key manifest_urls and add it the good value

    http://localhost:8088/content/manifest.json
```
